hi everybody I'm Jill with one good
thing by dilly I'm going to give you a
quick fix for oily hair today I'm going
to tell you how to dry clean your hair I
know it sounds a little strange but it
came in so handy for me one day I had a
hair emergency I normally have pretty
dry hair so meeting a dry shampoo is
something I would normally need but I
had a video or a photo shoot that day
and I took a shower and blow-dried my
hair and looked all nice and I thought
oh I'm gonna do something special and we
add some some oil to my hair like an
argan oil argan oil so I you know for me
more is better and I put it all over my
hair and started drying it and it just
looked a and stringy and no matter how
much I dried it was oily and stringy so
I was in a fix and I found online a fix
for oily hair and it is simply three
ingredients that you're gonna put in a
spray bottle this is actually kind of
big for what we need but I'm gonna use
it anyway a little spray bottle would
work even better
so to dry clean your hair if you have a
hair emergency like I did add four
tablespoons of water and if you have a
lot of hair emergencies you could double
this and you could use more so I just
needed it for a little bit of an
emergency although I kept it on hand and
I haven't used it actually a couple more
times then you're gonna need one
tablespoon of rubbing alcohol blue I
know this sounds like rubbing alcohol in
my hair but it's just a little bit and
you're only spraying this on your hair
you're not like dousing your hair in it
and this is really what helps to to dry
it out and get that oil out and before
you put your cornstarch in you might
want to get a funnel I have made funnels
out of envelopes or you snip off the
edge and make it a cone out of it so
that'll work too if you have a funnel in
your drawer just grab it much easier for
putting the tablespoon of cornstarch in
heart starts are so sticky I use it a
lot because we do gluten-free cooking
and it's all over everything and sticks
then you just want to put your spray top
on give it a shake and then just dampen
your hair with it spray it on the
oiliest parts dampen is the key words
you don't want to like drench your hair
in it and then just blow dry it out and
it's miracle worker like I my hair was
fine I was able to go to my photo shoot
and get my pictures taken and it really
saved the day so now you are ready for a
hair emergency if you have one go to one
good thing by Julie comm for more
information more photos and I hope
you'll give it a try
you